Add fast data benchmark page on faq section (#702)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/fast_data/faq/bootstrapping-fast-data.md

:::info Before you start

Fast Data solution can either be installed in a [PaaS](/paas/overview.md) or [Self-Hosted](/self_hosted/self_hosted_requirements.md) setup. The goal of this guide is to provide best practices that are independent of the infrastructure.

The level of details of the following answers assumes that you have basic knowledge about the aforementioned components. 
:::

## Assumptions

This table shows details for each component that has been monitored and analyze to provide the guidelines.

| Component | Replicas       | Details                                                        |
|-----------|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Kafka     | 4 brokers      | 600.000 nominal events X day, i.e. 30GB of ingestion messages. |
| MongoDB   | 3 replica sets | Enterprise distribution having 32 GB of RAM.                   |
| Fast Data | 6 nodes        | K8S cluster with each node having 8 core.                      |

## Kafka

### What is the topic setup I should use to guarantee an high rate of ingestion?

> When creating and managing topics in a Kafka cluster, is crucial to define a number of partitions that can balance the identifiers of messages among different replicas that can read messages from the topic with the same consumer group. 

Author: hi @danibix95 , i've added this section

You can also specify how many replicas are needed to send acknowledgments on produced messages before committing, to guarantee the synchronization of the distributed data.

This value can be set at the topic level with the parameter `min.insync.replicas` and is usually equal to `# of brokers - 1`. Critical flows may require a number of in-sync replicas equal to the number of brokers. 

## Mongo Db

### What should be the required resources to perform an Initial Load?

The **Initial Load** is a manual operation made at runtime to initialize the projection's records with the most recent copy of the dataset from the system of record linked to it.

This operation is carried out when we need the more recent copy of a table, in order to transfer the data present within the Fast Data system, with a **Change Data Capture** (**CDC**) and will be then processed by the [Real-Time Updater (RTU)](/fast_data/realtime_updater.md).

:::danger Before executing the Initial Load

> Since an high number of ingestion messages will be handled by the RTU, remember **to disable strategy** during the execution of the Initial Load.

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a link to what are strategies (there's a page in Fast Data doc).

Please, note that strategies may be also processed by the SVTG. I don't know whether here we may remain vague and leave the description on how to stop strategies somewhere else in the doc 🤔

Author: hi @danibix95

i think at the moment we should remain at a higher level of detail with the event-driven architecture, since there aren't a lot of use cases available to provide guidelines

> This will avoid to perform additional MongoDb queries made by the strategies to generate projection changes records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will avoid to perform additional MongoDB queries made by the strategies to generate projection changes records.
```

I believe that all the reference to MongoDB should have both `D` and `B` in upper case (considering their logo)

:::

:::tip Execution Time

> An initial load of `6.000.000 records` took around _10 minutes_, which is approximately a rate of `60k message/minute`: for this message rate, up until 70% of CPU from a single MongoDb core was used.  

Reviewer: Should we specify here how many replicas of RTU were deployed?

Please note that when Projection Storer will be available this documentation has to be updated to account also for it.

Author: hi @danibix95 i've added this information

:::

### What should be the required resources to perform a Single View Refresh?

> The **Single View Refresh** is an operation performed to update all the projection changes of a single view: this activity is needed during the first release of a single view and every time a new feature is released in the environment, since it will start the aggregation pipeline of the [**Single-View Creator**. (**SVC**)](/fast_data/single_view_creator.md)

Reviewer: Technically, a SV refresh is needed only when a feature should be _retroactive_ with existing SVs. On the practical side, most of the time customer needs new fields also on older SVs.

I just don't know whether to reach this level of detail 🤔

On a [Standard Architecture](/fast_data/architecture.md#standard-architecture), this means that the database will perform operations on:

* the projection changes collections, because the **SVC** will update the projection changes record updating/removing the `changes` record; 
* the projections that are used by the single view aggregation mechanism; 
* the single view collections, to insert/update/delete records corresponding to single views.

:::tip Execution Time
The time generation is **strictly dependent** on the number of projections that are needed to compute all the fields of a single view. 

> On a single view having three projections and custom functions, a refresh operation involving 16k projection changes records required _5 minutes_, which is approximately a rate of `1k single view/minute`, using up until the 80% of a single MongoDb core.

Reviewer: Consindering MongoDB perfs, I believe we should keep track also of the *max Disk IOPS* (at least make the instance setting explicit)

Author: hi @danibix95 , i don't have this information available

* projections have all the queries covered by indexes;
* the projection changes collection, if used, has [the required index](/fast_data/configuration/realtime_updater.md#custom-projection-changes-collection);
* the single view collection has a unique index that is equal to the [Single View Key configuration](/fast_data/configuration/config_maps/singleViewKey.md).

## Fast Data Plugins

### How should I set the resource limits of the Real-Time Updater (RTU)?

On a [Standard Architecture](/fast_data/architecture.md#standard-architecture), the RTU performs strategies to generate projection changes: based on the complexity of this strategy and the number of projections involved, this could require a variable range of resources to use.

Also, keep in mind that you may need to have a number of replicas greater than 1 as the number of projections and the corresponding number of partitions of their topics increases over time.

:::tip Use case
A RTU having two projections with strategies enabled, can reach up until an ingestion rate of `10k message/minute` with one replica having the following setting:

* CPU:
  * `200m` request

>   * `400m` limit

Reviewer: Just to update on this number, after some internal tests we set the default limit for the RTU plugin to `600m`

Author: hi @danibix95 i've updated this reference

The component that will perform receive the record, for example from a Change Data Capture (CDC), is the [Real-Time Updater (RTU)](/fast_data/realtime_updater.md).

:::danger Before executing the Initial Load
The RTU can be enabled to [execute strategies](/fast_data/the_basics.md#strategies), custom functions that from an ingestion record performs a set of queries to extract one or more projection change records that will be used to generate a Single View.

Since an high number of ingestion messages will be handled by the RTU, remember **to disable strategy execution** during the Initial Load.

This will avoid to perform additional MongoDB queries made by the strategies to generate projection changes records.
:::

:::tip Execution Time
An initial load of `6.000.000 records` took around _10 minutes_, which is approximately a rate of `60k message/minute`: for this message rate, up until 70% of CPU from a single MongoDB core was used.  
:::

### What should be the required resources to perform a Single View Refresh?

> The **Single View Refresh** is an operation performed to update all the projection changes of a single view: this activity is needed during the first release of a single view and every time a new feature is released in the environment, since it will start the aggregation pipeline of the [**Single-View Creator**. (**SVC**)](/fast_data/single_view_creator.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Single View Refresh** is an operation performed to update all the projection changes of a single view: this activity is needed during the first release of a single view and every time you need to add new fields also on older SVs, since it will start the aggregation pipeline of the [**Single-View Creator**. (**SVC**)](/fast_data/single_view_creator.md)
```
